High there in this video I'd like to give a quick demonstration of the exercise for this section here
I've got a page with a form that accepts text input if I type a phrase into the input field and submit
the form.
I can see a little chart that shows how many times each character in the phrase appears as you can see
from the elements tab.
This is all being done using age TNL and Development's simplicity.
This chart plots every possible character and is case sensitive.
If I enter a second phrase it will be graphed instead.
However letters that were also present in the previous phrase are styled a bit differently.
And as you can see my app is aware of how many characters are new to my second phrase if I enter a third
phrase the same thing happens.
The graph knows how many characters are in the second phrase and how many are new to the third.
Note that the first phrase no longer plays a role.
I'm just seeing how many characters are new when comparing the current phrase to the previous one.
I've also got a reset button which basically just clears the graph area.
A few hints for this assignment.
I'd start by getting the form working for the first submit.
You'll need to use the Enter selection to get this working for subsequent form submissions.
I'd review the general update pattern in the resources you'll find some starter code.
I've handled BHM in CFS so that you can focus only on D-3 But feel free to update the styling or the
HGF Now if you'd like.
Good luck.
I'll show you how I created this app in the next video.